GDPR Compliance (#796)
oceanprotocol/market: README.md

Now your market users will be provided with additional options to toggle the use of your configured cookie consent categories. You can always retrieve the current consent status per category with the provided `useConsent()` hook. See below, how you can set your own custom cookies depending on the market user's consent. Feel free to adjust the provided utility functions for cookie usage provided in the `src/utils/cookies.ts` file to your needs.

```tsx
import { CookieConsentStatus, useConsent } from '../../providers/CookieConsent'
import { deleteCookie, setCookie } from '../../utils/cookies'

// ...

const { cookies, cookieConsentStatus } = useConsent()

cookies.map((cookie) => {
  const consent = cookieConsentStatus[cookie.cookieName]

  switch (consent) {
    case CookieConsentStatus.APPROVED:
      // example logic
      setCookie(`YOUR_COOKIE_NAME`, 'VALUE')
      break

    case CookieConsentStatus.REJECTED:
    case CookieConsentStatus.NOT_AVAILABLE:
    default:
      // example logic
      deleteCookie(`YOUR_COOKIE_NAME`)
      break
  }
})
```

> 

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. I think this looks a lot cleaner!

[See our seperate guide on advanced features](docs/advancedSettings.md)

## ✅ GDPR Compliance

Ocean Market comes with prebuilt components for you to customize to cover GDPR requirements. Find additional information on how to use them below.

### Multi-Language Privacy Policies

Feel free to adopt our provided privacy policies to your needs. Per default we cover four different languages: English, German, Spanish and French. Please be advised, that you will need to adjust some paragraphs in the policies depending on your market setup (e.g. the use of cookies). You can easily add or remove policies by providing your own markdown files in the `content/pages/privacy` directory. For guidelines on how to format your markdown files refer to our provided policies. The pre-linked content tables for these files are automatically generated.

### Privacy Preference Center

> Additionally, Ocean Market provides a privacy preference center for you to use. This feature is disabled per default since we do not use any cookies on our deployment of the market. However, if you need to add some functionality depending on cookies, you can simply enable this feature by changing the value of the `privacyPreferenceCenter` variable in the `app.config.js` config file. This will enable a simple cookie banner stating the use of necessary cookies. The content of this banner can be adjusted within the `content/gdpr.json` file. The `gdpr.json` file contains the minimum required values to configure the preference center. However, if you need more customizability for example to configure optional cookies for your market, you can also add these here. To find out how to configure this, we provide an example within the `content` directory. To quickly preview the example you can enable it with the following command:

Reviewer: I would suggest it would be better to handle the feature toggle in the `.env` as this would be consistent with how we have implemented all of the other optional configurations

```suggestion
Additionally, Ocean Market provides a privacy preference center for you to use. This feature is disabled per default since we do not use any cookies on our deployment of the market. However, if you need to add some functionality depending on cookies, you can simply enable this feature by changing the value of the `GATSBY_PRIVACY_PREFERENCE_CENTER` environmental variable to `"true"` in your `.env` file. This will enable a simple cookie banner stating the use of necessary cookies. The content of this banner can be adjusted within the `content/gdpr.json` file. The `gdpr.json` file contains the minimum required values to configure the preference center. However, if you need more customizability for example to configure optional cookies for your market, you can also add these here. To find out how to configure this, we provide an example within the `content` directory. To quickly preview the example you can enable it with the following command:
```

```

> cd content && mv gdpr.json gdpr_essential.json && cp gdpr.example.json gdpr.json

Reviewer: It would be nice to add this script to package.json and replace it with something shorter here. For example:

```suggestion
npm run gdpr:preview
```

Reviewer 2: right, I did not get the intent of all the different json files as the app config seems to control showing it or not so that would be enough of a mechanism so we can reduce some complexity here. Would be fine to just have one `content/gdpr.json` in version control and that's it. No renaming and such. Readme makes it sufficiently clear that the app config will then pick up values from there.

Reviewer: Yeah, a single gdpr.json file would simplify it

Author: I agree it's unnecessary overhead. I removed the example file with one of the latest commits.
